= A Reverse Proxy for Rack

This is a simple reverse proxy for Rack that pretty heavily rips off Rack Forwarder.  It is not meant for production systems (although it may work), as the webserver fronting your app is generally much better at this sort of thing.

== Installation
The gem is available on gemcutter.  Assuming you have a recent version of Rubygems you should just be able to install it via:
  gem install rack-reverse-proxy

For your Gemfile use:
  gem "rack-reverse-proxy", :require => "rack/reverse_proxy"

== Usage
Matchers can be a regex or a string.  If a regex is used, you can use the subcaptures in your forwarding url by denoting them with a $.

Right now if more than one matcher matches any given route, it throws an exception for an ambiguous match.  This will probably change later.  If no match is found, the call is forwarded to your application.

Below is an example for configuring the middleware:

  require 'rack/reverse_proxy'

  use Rack::ReverseProxy do 
    # Set :preserve_host to true globally (default is true already)
    reverse_proxy_options :preserve_host => true

    # Forward the path /test* to http://example.com/test*
    reverse_proxy '/test', 'http://example.com/'

    # Forward the path /foo/* to http://example.com/bar/*
    reverse_proxy /^\/foo(\/.*)$/, 'http://example.com/bar$1', :username => 'name', :password => 'basic_auth_secret'
  end

  app = proc do |env|
    [ 200, {'Content-Type' => 'text/plain'}, "b" ]
  end
  run app

reverse_proxy_options sets global options for all reverse proxies. Available options are:
* :preserve_host Set to false to omit Host headers
* :username username for basic auth
* :password password for basic auth
* :matching is a global only option, if set to :first the first matched url will be requested (no ambigous error). Default: :all.
* :timeout seconds to timout the requests

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jon Swope. See LICENSE for details.
